Check addresses in l2s for airdrops (#9764)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

=========

* :bug:`9730` Fix the issue where the app breaks when the user clicks on "Ethereum Staking" in the blockchain balance summary on the dashboard.

> * :bug:`-` Addresses tracked in L2s but not in ethereum will be checked in the airdrop section.

Reviewer: no need to mention ethereum since "L2" has been said earlier.

perhaps, **"L2-only addresses will now be included in airdrop eligibility checks."** or **"Fixed issue where addresses existing only on L2 networks were not being checked for airdrop eligibility."**

> * :bug:`-` Fixed the issue where addresses existing only on L2 networks were not being checked for airdrop eligibility.

Reviewer 2: Changelog should be user facing. Please fix this and the other such mistakes in the changelog. I think the frontend makes them.

```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Addresses tracked only on non-mainnet EVM networks should now also be checked for airdrop eligibility.
```
